and it came to pass in the 12th year in
and it came to pass in the 12th year in the 12th month on the first day of the
the 12th month on the first day of the
the 12th month on the first day of the month that the word of the Lord came to
month that the word of the Lord came to
month that the word of the Lord came to me son of man take up a lamentation for
me son of man take up a lamentation for
me son of man take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt and say to him you
Pharaoh king of Egypt and say to him you
Pharaoh king of Egypt and say to him you are like a young lion among the nations
are like a young lion among the nations
are like a young lion among the nations and you are like a monster in the seas
and you are like a monster in the seas
and you are like a monster in the seas bursting forth in your rivers troubling
bursting forth in your rivers troubling
bursting forth in your rivers troubling the waters with your feet and fouling
the waters with your feet and fouling
the waters with your feet and fouling their rivers I will therefore spread my
their rivers I will therefore spread my
their rivers I will therefore spread my net over you with a company of many
net over you with a company of many
net over you with a company of many people and they will draw you up in my
people and they will draw you up in my
people and they will draw you up in my net then I will leave you on the land I
net then I will leave you on the land I
net then I will leave you on the land I will cast you out on the open fields and
will cast you out on the open fields and
will cast you out on the open fields and cause to settle on you all the birds of
cause to settle on you all the birds of
cause to settle on you all the birds of the heavens and with you I will fill the
the heavens and with you I will fill the
the heavens and with you I will fill the beasts of the whole earth I will lay
beasts of the whole earth I will lay
beasts of the whole earth I will lay your flesh on the mountains and fill the
your flesh on the mountains and fill the
your flesh on the mountains and fill the valleys with your carcass
valleys with your carcass
valleys with your carcass I will also water the land with the flow
I will also water the land with the flow
I will also water the land with the flow of your blood even to the mountains and
of your blood even to the mountains and
of your blood even to the mountains and the riverbeds will be full of you when I
the riverbeds will be full of you when I
the riverbeds will be full of you when I put out your light I will cover the
put out your light I will cover the
put out your light I will cover the heavens and make it Stars dark and cover
heavens and make it Stars dark and cover
heavens and make it Stars dark and cover the Sun with a cloud and the moon shall
the Sun with a cloud and the moon shall
the Sun with a cloud and the moon shall not give her light all the bright lights
not give her light all the bright lights
not give her light all the bright lights of the heavens I will make dark over you
of the heavens I will make dark over you
of the heavens I will make dark over you and bringing darkness upon your land
and bringing darkness upon your land
and bringing darkness upon your land [Music]
[Music]
[Music] I will also trouble the hearts of many
I will also trouble the hearts of many
I will also trouble the hearts of many people's when I bring your destruction
people's when I bring your destruction
people's when I bring your destruction among the nations into the countries
among the nations into the countries
among the nations into the countries which you have not known yes I will make
which you have not known yes I will make
which you have not known yes I will make many people's astonished at you and
many people's astonished at you and
many people's astonished at you and their kings shall be horribly afraid of
their kings shall be horribly afraid of
their kings shall be horribly afraid of you when I brandish my sword before them
you when I brandish my sword before them
you when I brandish my sword before them and they shall tremble every moment
and they shall tremble every moment
and they shall tremble every moment every man for his own life in the day of
every man for his own life in the day of
every man for his own life in the day of your fall for thus says the Lord God the
your fall for thus says the Lord God the
your fall for thus says the Lord God the sword of the king of Babylon shall come
sword of the king of Babylon shall come
sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon you by the swords of the mighty
upon you by the swords of the mighty
upon you by the swords of the mighty warriors all of them the most terrible
warriors all of them the most terrible
warriors all of them the most terrible of the nations I will cause your
of the nations I will cause your
of the nations I will cause your multitude to fall they shall plunder the
multitude to fall they shall plunder the
multitude to fall they shall plunder the pomp of Egypt and all its multitude
pomp of Egypt and all its multitude
pomp of Egypt and all its multitude shall be destroyed also I will destroy
shall be destroyed also I will destroy
shall be destroyed also I will destroy all its animals from beside its great
all its animals from beside its great
all its animals from beside its great waters the foot of man shall muddy them
waters the foot of man shall muddy them
waters the foot of man shall muddy them no more nor shall the hooves of animals
no more nor shall the hooves of animals
no more nor shall the hooves of animals muddy them then I will make their waters
muddy them then I will make their waters
muddy them then I will make their waters clear and make their rivers run like oil
clear and make their rivers run like oil
clear and make their rivers run like oil says the Lord God
says the Lord God
says the Lord God when I make the land of Egypt desolate
when I make the land of Egypt desolate
when I make the land of Egypt desolate and the country is destitute of all that
and the country is destitute of all that
and the country is destitute of all that once filled it when I strike all who
once filled it when I strike all who
once filled it when I strike all who dwell in it then they shall know that I
dwell in it then they shall know that I
dwell in it then they shall know that I am the Lord this is the lamentation with
am the Lord this is the lamentation with
am the Lord this is the lamentation with which they shall lament her the
which they shall lament her the
which they shall lament her the daughters of the nation's shall lament
daughters of the nation's shall lament
daughters of the nation's shall lament her they shall lament for her for Egypt
her they shall lament for her for Egypt
her they shall lament for her for Egypt and for all her multitude says the Lord
and for all her multitude says the Lord
and for all her multitude says the Lord God it came to pass also in the 12th
God it came to pass also in the 12th
God it came to pass also in the 12th year on the fifteenth day of the month
year on the fifteenth day of the month
year on the fifteenth day of the month that the word of the Lord came to me son
that the word of the Lord came to me son
that the word of the Lord came to me son of man wail over the multitude of Egypt
of man wail over the multitude of Egypt
of man wail over the multitude of Egypt and cast them down to the depths of the
and cast them down to the depths of the
and cast them down to the depths of the earth her and the daughters of the
earth her and the daughters of the
earth her and the daughters of the famous nations with those who go down to
famous nations with those who go down to
famous nations with those who go down to the pit
the pit
the pit whom do you surpass in beauty go down be
whom do you surpass in beauty go down be
whom do you surpass in beauty go down be placed with the uncircumcised
placed with the uncircumcised
placed with the uncircumcised they shall fall in the midst of those
they shall fall in the midst of those
they shall fall in the midst of those slain by the sword
slain by the sword
slain by the sword she is delivered to the sword drawing
she is delivered to the sword drawing
she is delivered to the sword drawing her and all her multitude the strong
her and all her multitude the strong
her and all her multitude the strong among the mighty shall speak to him out
among the mighty shall speak to him out
among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with those who help
of the midst of hell with those who help
of the midst of hell with those who help him they have gone down they lie with
him they have gone down they lie with
him they have gone down they lie with the uncircumcised slain by the sword
the uncircumcised slain by the sword
the uncircumcised slain by the sword Assyria is there and all her company
Assyria is there and all her company
Assyria is there and all her company with their graves all around her all of
with their graves all around her all of
with their graves all around her all of them slain fallen by the sword her
them slain fallen by the sword her
them slain fallen by the sword her graves are set in the recesses of the
graves are set in the recesses of the
graves are set in the recesses of the pit and her company is all around her
pit and her company is all around her
pit and her company is all around her grave all of them slammed fallen by the
grave all of them slammed fallen by the
grave all of them slammed fallen by the salt who caused terror in the land of
salt who caused terror in the land of
salt who caused terror in the land of the living there is Elam and all her
the living there is Elam and all her
the living there is Elam and all her multitude all around her grave
multitude all around her grave
multitude all around her grave all of them slain fallen by the sword
all of them slain fallen by the sword
all of them slain fallen by the sword who have gone down uncircumcised to the
who have gone down uncircumcised to the
who have gone down uncircumcised to the lower parts of the earth who caused
lower parts of the earth who caused
lower parts of the earth who caused their terror in the land of the living
their terror in the land of the living
their terror in the land of the living now they bare their shame with those who
now they bare their shame with those who
now they bare their shame with those who go down to the pit they have set her bed
go down to the pit they have set her bed
go down to the pit they have set her bed in the midst of the slain with all her
in the midst of the slain with all her
in the midst of the slain with all her multitude with her graves all around it
multitude with her graves all around it
multitude with her graves all around it all of them uncircumcised slain by the
all of them uncircumcised slain by the
all of them uncircumcised slain by the sword though their terror was caused in
sword though their terror was caused in
sword though their terror was caused in the land of the living yet they bare
the land of the living yet they bare
the land of the living yet they bare their shame with those who go down to
their shame with those who go down to
their shame with those who go down to the pit it was put in the midst of the
the pit it was put in the midst of the
the pit it was put in the midst of the slain
slain
slain there are Meshach and tubal and all
there are Meshach and tubal and all
there are Meshach and tubal and all their multitudes with all their graves
their multitudes with all their graves
their multitudes with all their graves around it all of them uncircumcised
around it all of them uncircumcised
around it all of them uncircumcised slain by the sword though they caused
slain by the sword though they caused
slain by the sword though they caused their
their
their tarah in the land of the living they do
tarah in the land of the living they do
tarah in the land of the living they do not lie with the mighty who are fallen
not lie with the mighty who are fallen
not lie with the mighty who are fallen of the uncircumcised who have gone down
of the uncircumcised who have gone down
of the uncircumcised who have gone down to hell with their weapons of war they
to hell with their weapons of war they
to hell with their weapons of war they have laid their swords under their heads
have laid their swords under their heads
have laid their swords under their heads but their iniquities will be on their
but their iniquities will be on their
but their iniquities will be on their bones because of the terror of the
bones because of the terror of the
bones because of the terror of the mighty in the land of the living
mighty in the land of the living
mighty in the land of the living yes you shall be broke in the midst of
yes you shall be broke in the midst of
yes you shall be broke in the midst of the uncircumcised and lie with those
the uncircumcised and lie with those
the uncircumcised and lie with those slain by the sword there is Edom her
slain by the sword there is Edom her
slain by the sword there is Edom her kings and all her princes who despite
kings and all her princes who despite
kings and all her princes who despite their might are laid beside those slain
their might are laid beside those slain
their might are laid beside those slain by the sword they shall lie with the
by the sword they shall lie with the
by the sword they shall lie with the uncircumcised and with those who go down
uncircumcised and with those who go down
uncircumcised and with those who go down to the pit there are the princes of the
to the pit there are the princes of the
to the pit there are the princes of the north all of them and all the side
north all of them and all the side
north all of them and all the side onehans who have gone down with the
onehans who have gone down with the
onehans who have gone down with the slain in shame of the terror which they
slain in shame of the terror which they
slain in shame of the terror which they caused by their might they lie
caused by their might they lie
caused by their might they lie uncircumcised with those slain by the
uncircumcised with those slain by the
uncircumcised with those slain by the sword and bear their shame with those
sword and bear their shame with those
sword and bear their shame with those who go down to the pit Pharaoh will see
who go down to the pit Pharaoh will see
who go down to the pit Pharaoh will see them and be comforted over all his
them and be comforted over all his
them and be comforted over all his multitude Pharaoh and all his army slain
multitude Pharaoh and all his army slain
multitude Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword says the Lord God for I
by the sword says the Lord God for I
by the sword says the Lord God for I have caused my terror in the land of the
have caused my terror in the land of the
have caused my terror in the land of the living and he shall be placed in the
living and he shall be placed in the
living and he shall be placed in the midst of the uncircumcised with those
midst of the uncircumcised with those
midst of the uncircumcised with those slain by the sword Pharaoh and all his
slain by the sword Pharaoh and all his
slain by the sword Pharaoh and all his multitude says the Lord God
multitude says the Lord God
multitude says the Lord God you